updated with fa 19 final projects (#188)
illinois-cs498vr/illinois-cs498vr.github.io: _projects/FA19-AR_Obstacle_Navigation.md

---
layout: project
title: AR Obstacle Navigation

> desc: This is the AR implementation of Professor Hernandez' Obstacle Navigation test. It is designed to receive treadmill data in order to avoid objects. The goal was to "step" on top of certain blocks while avoiding others. Its goal is to appear as if the blocks were in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desc: This is the AR implementation of Professor Hernandez' Obstacle Navigation treadmill test. The project uses data from the treadmill to test user's abilities to step on or avoid floor obstacles.
```
This was my group, so I feel fairly comfortable suggesting this.

dl: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1C456N9-r94LcqR1BvgcIfr9gYfSNIaPG
semester: Fall 2019

> team: 255

Reviewer: ```suggestion
team: 20
```
